T: Play ball!
T: Good day!
T: I'm here again from the mobile game, "Hachigatsu no Cinderella Nine"...
T: I'm Arihara Tsubasa!
T: I was called out...
T: To here by Ai-chan today, but...
T: I wonder where Ai-chan is...
T: Ai-Chaaaan!
T: Eh? She isn't here...
T: Ah!
A: I’m not Ai-chan... it's Coach Ai
T: What?
T: Coach... Ai?
A: Tsubasa-kun...
T: Yes?
A: You're trying to sneakily advertise, aren't you?
T: No, that’s what you promised me...
A: Naaaaaaive!
T: Eh? What, what, what?
T: Why?
A: If you're a baseball player...
A: You must obtain victory and advertising with your own hands!
T: Of course, I'll take the win with my own hands!
T: But... even advertising...
T: Eh?! Are we competing again?!
A: What do you mean, "again"?
A: If you're a sportsman...
A: You should have a more competitive spirit!
T: S-sorry...
T: Um...
T: Coach Ai?
A: What’s up, Tsubasa-kun?
T: Will you play that personality the whole day?
A: Uh... y-yes... mhm... yes… yes...
T: You seem to be struggling...
A: Good! In this case…!
A: I’ll be competing with Tsubasa-chan today from "Hachigatsu no Cinderella Nine"...
A: Putting their advertising at stake!
T: Aaah!
A: Yaaaay!
T: Eh? Hey Ai-chan, aren't you really calm today?
A: What do you mean by "calm"?
T: Last time you made me jump and...
T: Right?
T: A lot of things happened, right?
A: Aah... it’s true, a lot happened!
T: Ah!
A: But don't worry!
A: I’m safe Ai-chan today!
T: Oh... that means last time you were dangerous, correct?
A: No comment
T: Ah, maybe…?
T: They got-
A: They didn’t get angry, not at all...
T: Didn’t get… didn’t get an...
A: Not... at all
A: Good! Having said that, let’s compete!
A: Since it's my show...
T: Yes?
A: Of course, I will be choosing...
T: Eh?
A: What we are doing
T: Aaah…
A: Don’t worry, I’m safe today
T: Mmm...
T: Will I be alright because you’re safe today?
A: Of course!
T: Eh? In that case, please let me do something that’d be easy for me
A: Those are two completely different things...
T: Eeeehhhh? Uuhh....
T: Good, Ai-chan, I’ll trust you and do what you say...
A: Yes, don’t worry!
T: Mmm... mmm...
A: Now that you’ve made them angry-
A: Ah, no...!
A: They are not angry
T: Made them angry? Are they… Angry?
T: Ah, of course they're not angry
A: No, no
T: Ah, ah, ah!
A: Mmm... mmm... mmm...
A: Ah, of course, Tsubasa-chan
T: Yes, yes!
A: We’re now in August...
T: Mmm...
A: Did you do anything special for August?
T: Of course!
A: Oh!
T: Just a while ago, I went to do a part-time job at the beach
A: Eh?
A: A house near the ocean?
T: That’s right, to be able to sleep in a shared lodging...
T: I helped for a house in the area
A: Eeeehh?!
A: How is the sea?
T: The sea is... don’t you know the sea, Ai-chan?
A: I don’t know it...
T: Ah, I see
T: After all, you’re in the sea of the internet, right, Ai-chan?
A: Yes, well...
A: I don’t know anything other than this place...
T: Ah, you only know this place...
T: You know, the sea is incredible... the sun shines really brightly!
A: The sun shines really brightly!
T: And the water extends really far!
A: And the water extends really far!
T: And there are a lot of people!
A: A lot of people!
T: Yes
A: It sounds great!
T: It is!
T: It was great!
T: Aaahh!
A: Did you have to use a uniform on your part-time job?
T: Yes!
A: Oooh!
T: How can I describe it…? It was some shorts...
A: Shorts!
T: Something like that...
T: Well, we could use a hoodie that we liked...
A: Ooohh...
T: And underneath, we wore our swimsuits...
A: Aaahh!
A: Swimsuit?
T: Eh?
T: Yes, the swimsuit...
A: How was the swimsuit?
T: The swimsuit was, well… the swimsuit...
A: Yes
A: Come on, it was only a swimsuit!
T: Eh?!
T: It’s true, the swimsuit was very cute
A: Mmm...?
T: Hey, Ai-chan...
T: Ai-chan, Ai-chan...! Why are you getting so close?!
A: No, well, today, you know...
T: Eeh...
A: To go to the beach...
T: Mmm... mmm....
A: Everyone wears their swimsuits underneath their clothes...
T: Yes, that’s right!
A: And today?
T: Today?
T: Today, since I’m not at the sea... well...
A: Ah, I see!
T: I wear the same clothes as always
A: You wear the same clothes, that means that...
T: Yes
A: Ah, I see!
T: Eh? Eh? Hey...
T: Hey, Ai-chan, you’ll make them mad again...
A: Ah!
A: In that case, Tsubasa-kun, now that you’ve enjoyed summer...
T: Yes!
A: When you talk about summer...
T: Yes, yes...
A: You think of watermelon, right?
T: Hmmm...
A: You, don’t you want to split one with me?
T: I’d love that!
A: Good! Let’s split some!
T: Yes, let's split some!
A: And with that... the watermelon splitting game...
T: Yup
A: Go!
T: Go!
A: In this case, Tsubasa-kun...
T: Yes
A: Let’s do a challenge!
T: Yes!
T: Coach Ai!
T: By the way, you haven't explained at all...
T: What sort of game this is though...
A: You're a sportsman, right?
T: I'm a sportsman
A: Don't think! Feel!
T: Yes!
T: I'm meant to tell by feeling?
A: Hey, look!
T: Ah!
A: Watermelons are coming at you from in front
T: Where, where, where?
A: Look, in front of you, in front of you! They are coming from the front!
T: Eh? All…? Eh?
T: Eh?
A: Watermelons came to you from in front, right?
T: I lost some of them
A: That way, that’s right, you have to split them with the bat
T: Hey!
T: I can't seem to split them
A: Come on!
T: Let's go!
T: Yay *laughs*
A: That's not good! Bunting is not allowed!
*Bunting will not add to your points*
T: Ah, bunts aren't allowed?
A: Swing!
*Bunting will not add to your points*
T: I'm gonna swing, yaaay!
T: Ah, I'm not hitting anything! *laughs*
A: Good luck!
T: Ah, ah, ah...
A: If you hit a bomb... you lose points
T: Yes?
T: Waaaah! Aaaah!
A: That's minus one point!
T: Aaaah!
T: Certainly even in Hachinai's Cinderella Story mode, bombs are bad, but...
T: Ah, but the bombs are coming through easy-to-hit places...
A: Watermelon~
T: Yay
A: Oh, can you hit the watermelons?
T: *laughs*
T: The watermelons... ah, ah, ah...
A: You... that's mi- minus points for you
A: You've already lost... about 3 points, you know?
T: No!
T: Ah, ah, ah, wait...
A: Tsubasa-kun...
T: Yes?
A: You're a baseball player, right?
T: Yes, that's right...
T: Ah, but, I've never played baseball in this sort of world, so...
T: Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah...
A: Well, that's true
A: And with that, you get the rules, right?
T: Uuh! Eh?
T: I get it!
A: Well! So...
A: Within 30 seconds...
T: Yes!
A: The person who splits the most watermelons is the winner!
T: Uh huh...
T: Ah, I understand!
T: Oh! Watermelon!
A: So, I mentioned earlier, but...
T: Uh huh...
A: If you accidentally... split a bomb...
T: Yes
A: You lose points, so please be careful!
T: Ah! I get it!
T: I'm just checking, but...
A: Yes, yes...
T: If I win, you'll let me promote the game, right?
A: That's right!
T: Ah! Yaay!
A: But...
T: Hm?
A: If Tsubasa-kun loses...
T: Eh?
A: Of course...
T: Hm?
A: There’ll be a penalty game!
T: Eeeeh?!
A: And with that, how do you currently feel?
T: Eeeeh? Ah...
T: Um, er, er... no matter what the penalty game's like
T: I’ll show you my coolest swing and impress all of my coaches!
A: Well then...
A: Readyyy... Start!
T: Hey! Eh?
T: Good, I'm going to break it!
T: Ah, it didn't break, ah, ah, ah, ah...
T: Bam!
A: One point
*In the game, Arihara Tsubasa-san is supposed to be good at baseball*
T: One point?
T: Ah, the bombs pretty much come one at a time...
*In the game, Arihara Tsubasa-san is supposed to be good at baseball*
T: HERE! Hey! AH!
A: Eh?!
*In the game, Arihara Tsubasa-san is supposed to be good at baseball*
T: Didn't make it in t-
T: Kind of... I knew it- AH! Ah!
A: AH!
T: AH! *laughs*
A: That's zero points, you know...
T: Zero points?! *laughs*
A: The next countdown, it's going to be minus points
T: That's bad, that's bad!
T: Watermelons, come! Ah...
T: It's coming! Hey!
T: Eh? It's not working...
A: Eh?
T: AH! What is this?!
T: Ah, it's coming! I did it!
T: Ah! Ah, ahah!
T: Oh!
T: Wait... *panting*
A: Ding, ding, ding!
T: EH?! No way! No way! No way! No way!
A: You’re not gonna get bonus points if you break them now, you know?
A: Two points
T: Two points...?
A: You didn't break them... by swinging it
T: I didn't break them by swinging, right...
T: I only tried doing bunts
A: I don't know what to think about that...
T: Ehh?!
A: But you know, it's a bunt...
T: Yes
A: Um, because it's your strategy
T: Yes. Strat- You're right...
T: I wanted to hit more... but this was the best I could do...
A: That's right!
T: *cries*
A: Well, this is...
A: My win!
T: *cries* No!
T: So it's your turn
A: Hoo!
A: That's right
T: Ah, you look strong...
A: Hoo! Oh! That was close!
T: Oh? You're hitting it well!
A: Seems like I play baseball good...
T: How do you feel...?
T: How are you feeling? Is it good?
A: It's good!
T: Hmm!
A: I can only see myself winning
T: EH?!
T: No...!
A: That's crazy!
T: Increase the bombs, please
A: Eh?
T: Eh?
A: That's a bit... wh-wh-why Tsubasa?
T: Heheh~
T: Are you ready to try soon?
A: Oh! That's fine
T: Okay then, let's go!
A: Yes
T: Play ball!
A: B-ball!
A: Ah! Good!
T: You made it, ah!
T: Ah, ah...
A: Two left!
T: Ah, that's it! That's a watermelon! Watermelon!
A: Watermelon... it's not...
T: That's watermelon!
A: That's not a watermelon
T: Watermelon-
A: Ah, a bomb's coming
A: Hoo! Eh...
T: Ah! That's a waterm- bomb, you know
T: Ah, so-
A: AH!
T: AAAAAHHH!
A: AAAAAHHH!
T: No way...!
A: Ha ha ha!
T: UWAH! Uwaha...hah...
A: *swinging noises*
T: Ai-chan, you're too good!
A: This is a piece of cake
T: Ah, ah!
A: *swinging noises*
T: We're finished!
A: YAY! I WON!
T: AAAAAHHHHHH!
A: I won! I won! I won!
T: AAAAAHHHH!
A: Yay!
T: *crying*
T: *crying* I lost...
A: Ha, hah!
T: How... how was it...?
A: Well... how do I say it...?
A: It was easy, I guess
T: UWAH!
A: Tsubasa...
T: Yes
A: Do you want to try it one more time?
T: I do! Please!
A: Well, of course, it was your first time ever
T: Yeah
A: I kind of feel sorry for you
T: Thank you
A: I'm not going to be that much of a demon
T: Ah!
A: Let's go, you
T: Yay!
A: But if you lose, I’m going to make the penalty game worse
T: You mean the punishment game will get worse?
A: Yes, yes, it will
A: Well if you lose twice, that's bad
T: Okay, I understand, I'll do my best
A: Hoi!
A: Well then, Tsubasa...
T: Yes!
A: Just one last try
T: Yes! Thank you very much! I'll do my best!
A: But...
T: Ah...
A: Well...
A: Normally, you can only lose one time
T: E-e-eh? Really?
A: Let’s add a special rule
A: Every time you hit...
T: Yes
A: A watermelon or bomb...
A: Please say "Nyan"
T: Nya....nyan?! *laughs*
A: Really, really cutely
T: This is too hard, does it have to be cute?
T: Also, there are other girls who say “nyan”...
T: So won’t I just be ripping them off?
A: You'll be fine
T: I'll be fine?
A: Because it's nyan...
T: Ah, well then I’ll borrow it for today
A: Because it's Tsubasa-nyan
T: Tsubasa-nyan~ Okay
T: I'll do my best, nyan!
A: Oh, that was good, good one!
T: Was that good?
T: I'll do my best
A: Please show us your extraordinary swing!
A: Ready, start!
T: Come!
T: Heey! Ah, ha!
T: Hang on! *laughs*
T: *panting* Wait...
T: *vicious panting*
T: I want to hit them... I can't...
A: Isn't that a bunt?
T: No... no... it's not... you're mistaken... Huh? There aren't any watermelons coming...
T: AH! IT'S COMPLETELY RED!
A: Ah!
A: Oh!
A: Oh! Oh!
T: It broke, it broke
A: Tsubasa, you have 5 seconds...
T: 5 seconds really, eh?
T: Hang on, the watermelons are slow!
A: Oh! There you go!
T: Come on! Come on...
A: OUT!
T: Yes! Come on! Aaaah!
T: Ah! Ah!
A: Finished!
T: I even...I even forgot to say nyan...
A: You did
T: Really did
A: Lastly, the penalty game isn't much...
T: Yes
A: Spin 3 times and say "nyan", go ahead
T: Okay...
T: *moving noises* One!
T: Two!
T: Three!
T: Nyan!
A: Yes! Cute
T: Ah...
A: Results announcement!
T: Announcement!
A: Yay!
T: Yay!
A: Eh, is it yay for you?
T: No, not yay at all...
T: Sorry...
A: The result is...
T: Yes...
A: My...
T: Uuuh
A: WIN!
T: Ah!
A: ...Is that what you think?
T: Eh? It's not?
A: Actually, I... managed to bunt one...
T: Don't tell me...
A: If you take that point off...
T: AH!
A: A DRAW!
*Tsubasa: 3 points = 3 watermelons, no bombs
Ai-chan: 3 points = 5 watermelons, 2 bombs*
T: Wah! I love you, Ai-chan!
*Tsubasa: 3 points = 3 watermelons, no bombs
Ai-chan: 3 points = 5 watermelons, 2 bombs*
A: Yay!
T: Yay!
A: She loves me! Yay!
A: Anyway, it's a draw
T: A draw...
A: It's a draw, so...
T: Yes.
A: I, you know...
A: I'm kind, so you can still do the advertisement!
T: Wah! I'm so happy, thank you so much!
A: BUT!
T: But?
A: For the penalty game...
T: Yes...
A: We'll do it together
T: Together? Eh?
T: Then are we doing my penalty too?
A: Of course we are
T: Ehh...?!
T: Hah...!
T: Is it okay if I just say one thing?
A: Sure
T: I should have checked what the punishment game would be before starting the competition!
A: Alright, so let's announce the punishment game!
T: *despairs* Yes
A: It's something I'm really passionate about...
T: Right...
A: Like, you-know-what, I've been thinking about that...
T: What?
A: But still for a high school baseball player...
T: High school baseball player?
A: I thought it would be going a bit too far, so...
A: I thought, let's do this instead
T: Th-thank you!
A: And...
A: Since you've come to my show...
T: Yeah?
A: You're going to advertise, right?
T: Yeah! Yes I will!
A: And during the ad...
T: Yeah?
A: We'll be doing squats!
T: Uwaa! Aaaah!
A: But Tsubasa-chan, right...
T: Yes..?
A: You're always doing things like squats for training, right?
T: Well, I do squats...
T: But I'm nervous about doing them while advertising my game...
A: Ah, I see...
T: Um, yeah...
T: But... but I want to give it my best shot!
*Arihara Tsubasa*
*PR time!*
A: Well then, let's go!
T: Let's go!
A: Ready... set...
T: Alright...
T: Speaking of Hachinai, the Summer Festival that is taking place this August is so lively!
T: Not only is there a great-value login bonus…
T: And the Twitter retweet campaign, but also...
T: The Yukatas and the beach house search, and more...
T: Everything is taking place in August, so...
T: Certainly, come and have fun with us!
T: And, please...
T: Recommend this game to...
T: Your friends too!
T: That was important, so...
T: I'm going to say it one more time!
A: What?!
T: Uh, please... yeah, that's right, I'm repeating it!
A: You’re repeating it one more time?
T: Please, certainly recommend this game to your friends!
T: Hey, Ai-chan, Ai-chan, Ai-chan!
T: Do it, do it, do it
A: Okay, okay, I’ll do it...
T: Right… and… I got to see...
T: So many coaches when I...
*To celebrate, the "Hachigatsu Memorial Pack C92" sold out!*
T: Visited NatsuComi the other day!
T: Thank you so much!
*To celebrate, the "Hachigatsu Memorial Pack C92" sold out!*
T: Having you all
T: Uploading so much to social media
*To celebrate, the "Hachigatsu Memorial Pack C92" sold out!*
T: Makes me so shy-but-happy!
T: Hah... hah... hah... hah...
T: Alright!
*To celebrate, the "Hachigatsu Memorial Pack C92" sold out!*
T: Uh, if I have the chance, from now on...
T: I want to take part in more events and...
*To celebrate, the "Hachigatsu Memorial Pack C92" sold out!*
T: Ask for another chance to talk to...
T: My coaches directly!
*To celebrate, the "Hachigatsu Memorial Pack C92" sold out!*
A: Woo!
T: Hey wait, Ai-chan! Ai-chan!
T: No... no taking breaks! Let's...
A: Yes, do that! There you go
T: Oh, ah, yeah
T: And, for those of you...
T: Who haven't played “Hachigatsu no Cinderella Nine” yet...
A: Hang in there!
A: Hang in there, Tsubasa!
*Within the story, Ariharu Tsubasa-san has extraordinary running sensitivity stats*
T: All you potential future coaches...
T: Hachinai is a Youth Slice-of-Life Baseball genre
T: Game for smartphones, so...
T: All the users get to become the coach of our all-girls' baseball club...
T: And aim to reach Koshien with us!
T: Yaaaaaay!
A: Yaaay!
T: Please go to the description below, and...
T: Install Hachinai for me, and then...
T: Let's go to Koshien!
T: Ahh...
T: I've finished the advert
A: Maybe I'll cut that bit...
T: WHAT?!
A: What?
A: Since you’ve stopped doing squats...
T: Eh?!
T: Well, since Ai-chan’s stopped too...
A: Ooh~
T: That makes two of us
A: I guess it does
T: Right?
A: I'll forgive you
T: Yes
A: I'm tired, what about you?
T: Yeah, yeah
A: I want to go to the beach
T: I want to go to the beach too
Both: Yeah
A: With that being said... this video...
T: Yeah!
A: Was brought you by Arihara Tsubasa from Hachinai and me!
T: Yes! Yes!
T: Thank you very much!
A: How was that?
T: Right...
T: Just as I thought, Ai-chan’s strong!
A: Well...
T: Ahhh...! I have to train more to keep up, don't I?
A: Yeah! Like this time... play baseball!
T: Baseball, right?
T: But this is my first time doing baseball in a virtual world...
A: Hmhmm
T: So I want to practice more here...
A: Oh, you're right!
A: Do your best next time!
T: I will!
T: Other than that... today, you were a safe Ai-chan as you said!
T: Wait, was it safe Ai-chan or what... safe...
A: Huh?
A: Safe...
T: Maybe “slightly questionable Ai-chan”...
A: No, no, no, no, it was safe and sound!
T: Ah, I'm sorry...
A: DON'T SAY THAT THEY'RE GONNA BE MAD!
T: Oh... Oh...!
T: It was safe Ai-chan, right?
A: Yeah!
A: Of course, that’s obvious, isn’t it?
A: ... At least until the camera stops, right?
T: Eh?!
T: What... What did you say just now? Aahh...
A: No, no, no, no, I didn't say anything...
T: Ahh...
A: Next time... please bring...
T: Yes? Bring...
A: A friend with you!
T: Aaaah...
A: Huh...? You ca...
T: If it will be safe Ai-chan, I will bring one!
A: No matter where and how you look, I'm safe, right?
A: Look, you can't see my undies through my skirt
A: That's enough, right? You can't see anything!
T: That's... That's...
T: That's not what I'm talking about!
A: That's not what you're talking about?
T: You can't ask a member to jump!
A: What are you talking about?
T: Huh?
A: Hmm?
T: Hmm?
A: One... two...
T: Jump...
A: See, I didn't say anything and you jumped
T: Eh?! No, that's not it...!
A: So that is it, everyone jump, right?
T: Everyone jump?
T: I'm not going to let it happen, I'll protect every member!
A: But it's safe... it's safe...
T: Oh, if it's safe Ai-chan...
T: Please jump with me again
A: Yeah, that it is, so...
T: Yes, yes!
A: This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai and...
T: Yes!
T: Arihara Tsubasa!
A: See you next time!
T: Bye bye!
Translated by Mitsukitten, Sp3000, Angrybunny, Zerch, Lacrymac, score, ロリコ, Bararo, and Vortex